hey everyone you can see I got the brand
new Monster Jam a 2014 yearbook buddy
sent this to me
thank you again Mark Talbert this
yearbook is a little bit different
compared to the yearbooks past I can't
find my 2013 one so I have my 2012 if
you notice on this one it's just like
any other type of yearbook it's all like
like you know now even that thick just
like a normal magazine type one this one
is extremely thick like you can notice
that has more pages in it but let's just
sit down of course you know you got the
beginning part you got the maxi set and
all that stuff welcome to the show gives
you a little bit of details about what
the show is like gives you inside steps
of what every monster Jam's show is like
you know racing freestyle the pit party
frequently asked questions well that
stuff the ins and outs of a monster
truck thinking 2013 they had a thinking
2013's yearbook they had monster truck
tricks and all that stuff this year it's
um the chassis and all that funny fact
about this they don't even have st.
louis-style racing anymore and right
here st. louis-style and they don't even
use that style anymore it's stupid but
uh also more stuffs about a monster
truck well I like this one that they
added in the announcers the only real
announces I normally no ever Scott
Heating and Greg Whitaker I've seen
Scott and um Greg a few times as big as
it gets the look back of 2013 this is a
pretty good one I like that they added
this in along with them almost like all
the other events that they have so
hooting that they added going to Eldora
Speedway in the summer time and also few
more they also have the Maple Leaf
Monster Jam tour great shot of another
nightmare right there and like I said at
the beginning it's just basically you
know the normal stuff that you would
normally see in the yearbook talk about
the young guns shootout past world
champions at the Monster Jam World
Finals and also this a mobile game that
they're gonna be coming out with soon
it's coming up in a few days actually
pick like two days
yeah the 13th is one it's coming out new
rivals I like this one better than
normally people might be thinking oh
it's just another failed rivalry I
really like this one now Damon Bradshaw
and Lucas Oil J Damon Bradshaw and
Lindsey wink
- the biggest rising stars in Monster
Jam and well not really rising star but
so biggest stars in Monster Jam today
battling it out zombies is a little
profile that they have in here
Adam Anderson one in the world title I
think there's one with top men 21 as
well but of course you know you got your
truck pages gravedigger Maxie
Batman Blue Thunder all these guys it's
just the same stuff as you normally see
in the yearbook few little things I like
to talk about what's the drivers pages
like fans like this one for example this
backwards Bob which of course I'm pretty
sure just for merchandising because they
still have backwards about merchandise
on the superstore same was bulldozer
they got the new off-road body for
destroyer read this yearbook they added
Derek Hansen back inside I'm glad they
did that Mike Miller back in there for
the hot sea inferno I don't know why
they still have him in there I'm pretty
sure from merchandising the thing I
really don't understand is this like
they've got heavy hitter in there but
why don't they have river raft because
River rat is a this teammate like
basically a rake like right here raising
cane it goes and raising cane then it
goes all the way to Sampson they don't
have raises they don't have river rat in
there and the other independents in
there rashers filling their Donald up
and in do is selling this tropical
thunder thunder 4x4 Tasmanian Devil that
truck has men competing with 2012 I did
not even notice that
too many trucks so up there that they
need to get rid of
but um so this yearbook is pretty good I
like it better than the ones in the past
so yep that's basically the 2014
yearbook all within about five or six
minutes or so hope you guys like it
and get yours out the Monster Jam
superstore whatever event you go to and
that's basically it
have a good one